# Amazon_Vine_Analysis
### Overview of the analysis: Explain the purpose of this analysis.
- Using an Amazon dataset for video game reviews, we attempt to determine if there is a difference between their paid vine review program and unpaid organically generated reviews. 
- The Amazon Vine program is a service that allows manufacturers and publishers to receive reviews for their products by paying a small fee to Amazon, and providing products to individuals to review at no charge. 
- The purpose of this analysis is to determine if the proportion of 5-star reviews changes when the product is provided for free. 

### Results: Using bulleted lists and images of DataFrames as support, address the following questions:

##### How many Vine reviews and non-Vine reviews were there?
- There were 94 total Vine reviews.
- There were 40,471 total non-Vine reviews.
##### How many Vine reviews were 5 stars? How many non-Vine reviews were 5 stars?
- There were 48 5-star Vine reviews.
- There were 15,663 5-star non-Vine reviews.
##### What percentage of Vine reviews were 5 stars? What percentage of non-Vine reviews were 5 stars?
- The percentage of 5-star Vine-reviews was 51.1%.
- The percentage of 5-star non-Vine reviews was 38.7%.

### Summary: 
##### Is there any positivity bias for reviews in the Vine programe?
- According to the analysis, the percentage of 5-star reviews is greater when the products are provided through the Vine review programme than if they were purchased and reviewed organically. 
- However, the dataset for the Vine review programme was only 94 reviews, while the non-Vine reviews totaled 40,471, bringing the validity of the analysis into question. This makes coming to the obvious conclusion that people are more likely to give 5-star reviews to free products very uncertain. 
- Therefore I conclude that there may be a slight positivity bias in Vine reviews, with the caveat that a stronger conclusion can only be made with a larger dataset for vine reviews. 

##### Provide one additional analysis with the dataset.
- We can perform a one-tailed two-sample T-test in order to determine if there is a difference between the mean rating given to products by the vine reviewers and the non-vine reviewers.
  - This analysis is one tailed because we are only concerned with a likely positivity bias by vine-reviewers, as revealed by our previous analysis.
- Again, the analysis would only be imporved with a larger dataset for vine reviews. 
- Hypotheses
  - Null: The mean rating of video games by vine reviewers is not greater than the mean rating generated by non-vine reviewers.
  - Alternate: The mean rating of video games by vine reviewers is greater than the mean rating generated by non-vine reviewers. 
